so ann
how did your meeting with mr stevens and
the montex representative go
quite quite well actually it was very
interesting
did they come to any agreement for the
moment
montrax is going to print 3 000 copies
of our next series of cookbooks mr
stevens wants to give them a
a trial run and see how they work
if they meet their deadlines and price
competitively he'll sign on for for
larger deals in the future
we're hoping to optimize our work and
drive down costs a little and
the publishing market is in a deep
crisis
readership is dropping rapidly which
is driving down sales at the same time
production costs are increasing because
of foreign rights acquisition
as well as distribution costs as a
matter of fact i
i haven't bought many books recently
tell me rachel does this crisis also
affect
us here at pilgrim certainly
the negative trends of the market are
felt throughout the sector
beginning with those who work in it
in any case i'm optimistic and i'm sure
this
is just a passing crisis and that the
publishing sector will soon recover
that's probably what what gary wanted to
talk to me about this morning
i saw him and he said that he had
something
very important to tell me aha
what why are you making that face
no it's it's nothing anne
it's just that
it's just that i don't trust gary
he's a latin lover and full of himself
he chases all of the pretty girls around
here
and you are just his latest victim
look rachel i'm perfectly capable of
looking after myself
i only have a working relationship with
gary and that's how it's going to stay
sorry anne i i certainly didn't mean to
offend you
i'm quite aware that you are an
intelligent young woman
who can keep men like gary at a distance
in any case i just wanted to warn you
i'm sure you'll agree with me once you
get to know him
uh right ann
are you ready for your next telephone
call oh yes
okay uh you need to get in touch with mr
bradford
he's a great author who has worked with
us for years
he's um he's quite friendly and he's
quite a wizard at the stove
he opened a restaurant a few years ago
but he sold it to move on to writing
cookbooks
he knows a thousand tricks in the
kitchen and he can make anything taste
great
even tomato soup come on stop it gary
i've only had half a sandwich today and
hearing about
tasty treats is is driving me crazy
i know i know speaking of eating when
are we going to have dinner together
you don't know when to quit do you
enough joking around um let me give
the kitchen superman a call okay okay
but
don't forget to pay him compliments this
guy just eats them up
hello good morning this is anne baxter
from pilgrim publishing
please may i speak to mr bradford
oh mrs bradford hello i've heard a lot
about your husband
he's quite the chef isn't he
yes yes i also enjoy cooking but
i'm not in the same league of course
well i'm calling to propose a new
cookbook series to mr bradford
we're going to be taking it to press
soon
okay yes thank you yes i'll hold
good morning mr bradford hello this is
anne baxter from pilgrim publishing
first of all congratulations
you're a legend around here
but as i was telling your wife i'm
calling to see if you're interested in
participating in a new cookbook series
that
yes yes i know that you've always spoken
to gary reynolds but
but i'm the new colleague who's been
assigned to this project
i beg your pardon well excuse me mr
bradford but i don't understand
why you consider mr reynolds to be more
competent than myself
in any case if you'd like to speak to
him
hold on a moment i'll put you through
hey mark how are you yeah
i think you upset anne our new intern oh
she's a fantastic colleague diligent and
uh hard working
yeah let's set up a meeting so you can
meet her you'll be very impressed
she's also a great cook
in the meantime i'll send you a detailed
outline of the project
okay and we'll see each other tuesday at
okay right bye mark
well what a pleasant person he is
oh come on anne don't let him get to you
mr bradford is just a little
shy with those he doesn't know but
you'll see
he's quite a lot of fun once you've met
him um
why don't we take a short break how
about
a little fun on the telephone i need to
relax
and have a good laugh okay but
uh who should we call i know
let's call my flatmate alice
she's always looking for new boyfriends
and you could pretend to be
a friend of jax the other flatmate
saying that you saw a picture of her
and that you'd love to meet her okay but
but she isn't going to get angry with me
is she no
we'll tell her it was just a joke
[Applause]
hello is that alice
this is gary and i'm calling because
uh well i'm a little shy and uh
i'm a friend of jax and yesterday he
he showed me a picture of you and well
i think you're pretty cute hello
could you speak up the line is terrible
uh yes uh i'm also having problems uh
this line must be congested
uh my name is gary and i'd like to get
to know you a little better
what who are you uh
i'm a friend of jax and and yesterday i
saw
a picture of you how could that be what
picture
don't raise your voice with me alice
in the picture there were three people
one
was jack one was an ugly girl
and then a very beautiful lady and
jack told me it was you uh hold on uh
while i put you through to a friend of
mine who doesn't agree with me about the
ugly girl
hello who's speaking this is alice
and i urgently need to speak with the
other guy
i think his name is gary uh i'm afraid i
can't hear you
could you speak up i said i urgently
need to speak with gary
oh i'm afraid gary's very busy at the
moment
if you'd like an appointment i i can fit
you in the beginning of next month
what you are joking aren't you
i told you i need to speak with him
immediately
alice it's anne
it's a joke and you fell for it
completely
and you just get the hell out of me what
a stupid joke
okay maybe it was a stupid joke but you
bought it
hook line and sinker
hi em have you got a moment i just have
to show you a few things
alice how many times have i told you to
call before you come and visit me at the
office
if my boss finds out i'll be in trouble
oh yes i know
you're right i'm sorry anyway you are on
your coffee break
and i just need some advice i'm going
out with philip tonight
you know the handsome guy i met at the
library last week oh
i told you about him didn't i i don't
know alice i've lost count
every week there's a different guy and
what's so important about him that you
couldn't wait to see me
what if i wear this tonight
it's nice red suits you really hm
but if i wear this i'll have to find the
right black shawl
by the way can you lend me the one you
bought last saturday alice it's brand
new
i haven't even worn it yet come on and i
told you that this date is really
important to me
okay what
if i wore this one that's pretty too
yes but if i wear this one
it would go better with your blue hat
could you lend it to me
oh please end oh alice no not that one
it was a present from my sister i'm very
attached to it
oh please anne come on help me please
okay okay it's impossible to pick you
out of anything anyway
but if i'd known you were going to
borrow my entire wardrobe i would have
immediately told you i was very busy
thanks ann you're the best yeah okay i'm
going now
um by the way what would you
say if i told you i had broken your
camera you done
what oh come on ann i'm joking
oh i think work is making you just a
little bit too nervous
bye yes uh to be honest
i am a bit worried profits are down
eight percent
over the last few months and just
yesterday
i read an article in uh in in media
world
that confirmed my suspicions forecasts
for the publishing market
are are quite pessimistic and the
general feeling
is that things are going to continue to
go downhill based on current trends the
next five years
could see a further drop of 20 percent
if we leave out best sellers and fiction
then the entire publishing market has
taken a direct hit
or better is in a downward spiral
but what about sales for the moment
they're stationary but
we won't be able to improve them in fact
we'll have to stop publication of
our encyclopedias of history and art
history
with awful consequences for those
working on these projects
are you saying that we'll have to lay
people off no
no not for the moment but if things
continue
like they are we will have to let some
of our people go
oh my god there must be something we can
do
to keep from cutting staff i'm meeting
with uh mr stevens this afternoon to
discuss the situation we're going to
focus
on uh new objectives for the company in
both marketing and sales
perhaps we will develop a new line of
economic paperbacks which might help
sales
but the other publishers are already
doing that successfully
i think we'll need to develop new
products to encourage new market
opportunities
well said billy uh i've already got an
idea to suggest
it won't resolve all of our problems but
it could
bring about some interesting
developments and what might this new
idea be
well anna are you in there hey
you i'm looking for my friend anne is
she with you
and surprise uh
and hello come back to earth someone's
looking for you
alice uh what are you doing here
well i came to see where you work at
could you give me a tour
sorry these are your colleagues
with long faces uh you always like this
we need a little fun to lighten things
up in here
why don't you invite them to the party
this evening
no no no no no really i don't think
well today is really not a good time to
be talking about parties
why don't you come back some other time
and perhaps warn me in advance perhaps
bye-bye alice
[Music]
yes yes mr jones the collection is
divided into thematic volumes
your volume will be the first uh dealing
with starters
that's right yes
recipes should be written clearly and
precisely
i'm not sure i agree with you there
ingredients should be written separately
directly under the title of each dish
okay i'll expect your first installment
next week then
all right goodbye mr jones goodbye
excuse me gary has mr bradford got in
touch yet
gary hello
i asked you a question could you answer
please
uh what's up man i'm sorry i'm i'm
writing the contracts to send out to the
authors have you spoken to mr bradford
yet
uh no could you give him a call i'm
really very busy at the moment
okay could you at least tell me where
you are with him
has he sent us the materials
gary hello gary
uh what please can you tell me what is
so entertaining about drawing up
contracts
why because you're glued to your
computer and you keep
laughing like a fool ah i'm just in a
good mood today
come on gary i'm not stupid
what are you doing
okay you've caught me out i'm chatting
it's great fun would you like to give it
a try
no thank you very much and you shouldn't
be chatting at work anyway
mr stevens might notice now why would he
if he walks in the door i'll just close
the window and continue typing up the
contracts
and relax let's chat a bit together
no i'm afraid i can't somebody needs to
work around here
now could you explain how i should
proceed with this
you spoke to mr bradford so could you
give me some details on your agreement
uh yes he should have sent some
materials in two days ago but we still
haven't received anything yet give him a
call
and see where he's at with those
[Applause]
hello mr bradford this is anne baxter
from pilgrim publishing
hello um we are still waiting for the
materials you should have sent
us two days ago i just wanted to know if
you were having problems
well what does the index have to do with
it i'm afraid i don't understand
no it's just i wasn't aware that
no i don't think what could could you
just hold on a second
hey mark this is gary no no no don't
worry
everything's just fine and uh just
didn't know
have you finished the index then okay
great
uh we'll expect your email then okay bye
mark
i hate you gary if you spent a little
time
filling me in instead of chatting on
your computer i might just know what's
going on around here
what oh
[Music]
i've called you in today to bring you up
to speed on our new cookbook series
ann's going to take notes from which
will then develop
a detailed outline of the work in
progress
and then set the deadlines so gary
which authors have we contacted we've
got in touch with
jones bradford smith fox and
grant unfortunately we haven't been able
to contact tchaikovsky
i think he's abroad at the moment
charwat
i'm sorry um could you spell that for me
please gary
certainly c h a k
o s w s k i is one of our russian
collaborators couldn't we get in touch
with parker in his place
what do you think he's worked with us in
the past
it's a good idea unfortunately i haven't
got his number
i think i have it in my old appointment
book
let me just make a note of that so i
don't forget
what's the news on the contribution so
far have the authors
started sending in material yes and
i've already begun editing the first
batch excellent anne
you'll also have to take care of
researching the images
when you've got those you can send them
along
to the graphics department for page
insertion
let's move on to the typography rachel
have you seen the first batch of proofs
we got from montex today
yes mr stevens great work i must say
it seems to me that they've done an
excellent job good
so it looks like we can trust them with
this edition
let's get a bid in immediately take note
of that rachel
yes mr stevens i'll call them as soon as
we finish this meeting
one last thing we haven't found a title
for this series do you have any ideas
come on use your imagination
i want something original
something catchy
nothing okay
then that's your first task
do some brainstorming to come up with
some ideas
and then we'll go through them together
why the long faces there's nothing to
worry about
you're a great team i'm sure you'll
think of something interesting
okay gary did you get that email
problem fixed yes i did uh i set up a
new account for you
you only have to create a new username
and password
how do i do that i'm hopeless with
computers
i know you are in fact by now i've lost
all hope with you
but you really do need to try to learn i
mean
email and internet are indispensable in
this day and age
i know i know gary you don't ever get
tired of repeating that
i must admit i'm a luddite how i
miss the days when you wrote letters by
hand
and visited the library to do research
everything's changed now i think i've
done well
to learn to send and receive emails
speaking of emails um i noticed what you
were writing to the authors and if
you'll permit me rachel
your emails are much too stuffy and
formal
they don't fit in at all with internet
jargon what are you saying
i'll give you an example
uh when you start off an email
you use we'd like to inform you that
it's quite old-fashioned you know it's
better to write
did you know that or another example
when you need to make an excuse you
begin we regret to inform you that
it's much better to use something like
unfortunately we can't
it's less formal but at the same time
more professional
email needs to be kept simple and to the
point use abbreviations
as often as possible and keep phrases
short if you're writing to someone you
know well
you can even add an emoticon it's always
a pleasure to get one
an emoticon what the devil is
that you're so old school rachel
emoticons are those little faces that
you can make using keyboard characters
that
show how you're feeling at the time okay
okay professor i'll try to simplify
and use a more colloquial tone when
writing
perhaps i'll even put in a smiley
it's not difficult you'll see just let
the magic of the internet transport you
but remember to use netiquette you're
talking like a computer manual
what is netiquette it's good manners
on the internet it's the rules of the
road of the network
rachel rachel rachel you really do need
to get some practice don't you
i've got an idea why don't you let me
sign you up for a forum
that way you can learn the rules of the
road and the lingo as you surf
speaking of which do you like music
music yes very much so
great then i'll add podcasting sites to
your favorites
so you can download podcasts and
maybe even burn them to disk and stop
gary oh you're driving me crazy
i don't understand a word besides
email i have no desire to learn any of
it
none of it do you understand
would would you like
something to eat
okay we have long eat
would you like something to eat
i don't think i
don't think okay
i can't eat anything
okay i don't
think i can eat
anything just put your tongue between
your teeth
in the syllable or the word that
have the th cell some people like they
are not really familiar with itself they
just think that
anything anything or anything okay
the position is not correct okay any
i don't think i can eat anything
thank you thank you
why are you okay
i can open this is oh
open my mouth
my teeth hurt
my teeth hurt who
are over there who are
over there they
this is a they are
my fa their
and mother they
are my father and mother
are they playing
playing volleyball this is val
and he says boar volleyball
with their dark this is air
their dog are they playing volleyball
with their dog
yes look they
all breathe heavily
they yes look
they or this is ore okay
or this is long or they are
wreathed heavily there are
a lot of mountains in my country
there are a lot of mountains in my
country you can say they are or you can
say
you can link them together they're rural
they're rural
there are a lot of there are a lot of
mountains in my country
see mountains there are a lot of
number two they remember th
they bought that house
although it was old
although it was old it means like uh
i know that i know that the hell
was old it's not really new anymore but
but you know i still decided
to buy it okay
they bought that house although
it was old they bought that
it was old was sold link them together
they bought that house although it was
old number three
our cousin and her spouse
um spouse that means
your husband or your wife spouse
are accountants
our cousin and her spouse are
accountants so you can link
spou okay it's okay
our cousin and her spouse are
accountants
number four we have found enough
people for the project
um we have found enough people for the
project
failed that means fight we have found
enough people for the project that means
we
has found as many as many people
as we need for the project okay
and number five i would buy a blouse
and two pairs of trousers
trousers that mean pants okay uh the
long one
i would buy a blouse and two pairs of
trousers
one more time there are a lot of
mountains in my country
they bought that house or the result
our cousin and her spouse are
accountants
we have found enough people for the
project and number five i would buy
a blouse in two pairs of trousers for
the
pet set first are you
going to the supermarket
are you going
to the supermarket
yes i want to
buy some pears
apples and potatoes
yes i want to buy some pears
can you get me a cup
and an envelope
can you get me a cup and
an envelope sure
sure no problem
problem no problem next
the bird sound i'm
going to the library
don't forget
library to borrow some
books i'm going to the library to borrow
some boobs
how do you get there how do you get
there
i will or i'll i'll
take a cab take care
i'll take a cab that means i'll take
a taxi remember
to get some crab
when you come back remember to get some
crap
when you come back